## 67-272: Chess Camp Final Project ##

This is my final project for the course 67-272: Application Design and Development, a system to manage chess camps along with camp locations, camp instructors, camp students, etc.

To set this up, clone this repository, run the `bundle install` command to ensure you have all the needed gems and then create the database with `rake db:migrate`.  If you want to populate the system with fictitious, but somewhat realistic data (similar to the data given in the spreadsheets in phase 1), you can run the `rake db:populate` command.  The populate script will create:
- 100 families
- over 200 students
- over 35 camps

Many objects are created with some element of randomness so you will get slightly different results each time it is run.  However, instructors and users are fixed.  All users in the system have a password of 'secret'.  In terms of users there are two admins (Alex and Mark) and four instructor-level users (our four Head TAs).  The username for each is their first name in all lowercase.

## Extra Features ##

I added in a calendar to display the upcoming camps in a much more readable fashion. The calendar itself is built in javascript
using FullCalendar, with all the required fullcalendar files included.  This calendar, however, also automatically gets automatically
populated with data from the camps model.  In order to populate the calendar, I had to build a json feed in the form of an
EventFeed object, as I read in the FullCalendar documentation.  As a result, using the Jbuilder gem that is already included
in the gemfile, I wrote a file index.json.jbuilder in the camp views directory to generate JSON in the correct format dictated by 
the FullCalendar documentation, but also populated with the correct information provided from the camps controller.  As a result,
the calendar is automatically populated with any existing camp records, and will even update with the insertion of new records.


I have also added in the fully enabled javascript map for locations, so please take a look.

Thanks! 
Ben

